[DOCS-2634] Document `Client.paginate()` (#255)
fauna/fauna-js: README.md

}
```

## Pagination

> By default, FQL paginates returned sets that contain more than 16 items.
> Use the `Client.paginate()` method to iterate through pages of results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `Client.paginate()` method to iterate sets that contain more than one page of results.
```
